.TH winexe 1 User Manuals
.SH NAME
winexe \- Command line tool to execute a command on a remote Windows host
.SH SYNOPSIS
\fBwinexe OPTIONS //host command
\f1
.SH DESCRIPTION
This tool allows one to execute a command on a remote Windows system. It is derived from the samba tools and shares several options with other samba tools.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\fB--uninstall\f1
Uninstall winexe service after remote execution.
.TP
\fB--reinstall\f1
Reinstall winexe service before remote execution.
.TP
\fB--system\f1
Use SYSTEM account.
.TP
\fB--runas=[\fIDOMAIN\fB\]\fIUSERNAME\fB%\fIPASSWORD\fB\f1
Run as user (BEWARE: password is sent in cleartext over net).
.TP
\fB--interactive=\fIINT\fB\f1
Desktop interaction: 0 - disallow, 1 - allow. If you allow use also --system switch (Win requirement). Vista do not support this option.
.TP
\fB--ntlmv1=\fIINT\fB\f1
Only use the NTLM v1 protocol for authentication: 0 - disabled, 1 - NTLMv2 Authentication disabled.
.TP
\fB-?, --help\f1
Show help.
.TP
\fB--usage\f1
Display brief usage message.
.TP
\fB-d, --debuglevel=\fIDEBUGLEVEL\fB\f1
Set debug level.
.TP
\fB--debug-stderr\f1
Send debug output to STDERR.
.TP
\fB-s, --configfile=\fICONFIGFILE\fB\f1
Use alternative configuration file.
.TP
\fB--option=\fINAME\fB=\fIVALUE\fB\f1
Set smb.conf option from command line.
.TP
\fB-l, --log-basename=\fILOGFILEBASE\fB\f1
Basename for log/debug files.
.TP
\fB--leak-report\f1
enable talloc leak reporting on exit.
.TP
\fB--leak-report-full\f1
enable full talloc leak reporting on exit.
.TP
\fB-R, --name-resolve=\fINAME-RESOLVE-ORDER\fB\f1
Use these name resolution services only.
.TP
\fB-O, --socket-options=\fISOCKETOPTIONS\fB\f1
socket options to use.
.TP
\fB-n, --netbiosname=\fINETBIOSNAME\fB\f1
Primary netbios name.
.TP
\fB-W, --workgroup=\fIWORKGROUP\fB\f1
Set the workgroup name.
.TP
\fB--realm=\fIREALM\fB\f1
Set the realm name.
.TP
\fB-i, --scope=\fISCOPE\fB\f1
Use this Netbios scope.
.TP
\fB-m, --maxprotocol=\fIMAXPROTOCOL\fB\f1
Set max protocol level.
.TP
\fB-U, --user=[\fIDOMAIN\fB]\fIUSERNAME\fB[%\fIPASSWORD\fB]\f1
Set the network username.
.TP
\fB-N, --no-pass\f1
Don't ask for a password.
.TP
\fB--password=\fISTRING\fB\f1
Password.
.TP
\fB-A, --authentication-file=\fIFILE\fB\f1
Get the credentials from a file.
.TP
\fB-S, --signing=on|off|required\f1
Set the client signing state.
.TP
\fB-P, --machine-pass\f1
Use stored machine account password (implies -k).
.TP
\fB--simple-bind-dn=\fISTRING\fB\f1
DN to use for a simple bind.
.TP
\fB-k, --kerberos-file=\fISTRING\fB\f1
Use Kerberos.
.TP
\fB--use-security-mechanisms=\fISTRING\fB\f1
Restricted list of authentication mechanisms available for use with this authentication.
.TP
\fB-V, -version\f1
Print version.
.SH EXAMPLES
winexe -U "COMPANY/user%mysecret" //192.168.1.42 "ipconfig /all"

Connect to the Windows system running at IP address 192.168.1.42 with the user "user" in domain "COMPANY" and the password "mysecret". If you drop the password, it will be asked for.
.SH SEE ALSO
\fBwmic(1)\f1
.SH MORE INFORMATION
The canonical places where you will find more information
about OpenVAS are:

.RS
.UR https://community.greenbone.net
Community Portal
.UE
.br
.UR https://github.com/greenbone
Development Platform
.UE
.br
.UR https://www.openvas.org
Traditional home site
.UE
.RE
.SH COPYRIGHT
The smb module is released under the GNU GPL, version 2, or, at your option, any later version.
